00:05.88 Greek media organization Skai TV reached a new low. by shamelesly reporting that footage from a 2018 Rome Metro accident, depicted panicked Ukranians, rushing to hide in bunkers. 00:24.28 FOX News, reported on quote, Armed Ukranian Citizens, holding what appears to be cardboard assalt rifles. For fuck sake, dear viewers. you can't make this shit up!00:40.08 FOX News and the Daily Mail, proceeded to report on an former Miss Ukraine, resisting the invasion, using a photo she posted on her Instagram page. This is actual footage of the heroic model slash Actress, taking cover from incoming gunfire, and Russian shells.Call us conspiracy theorists dear viewers, but it appears that she is posing rather than fighting. How is this journalism?01:19.68 The trustworthy UK media announced the invasion in synchrony. Reporters on the ground interviewed a lady, injured in the bombing of Eastern Ukraine city, Hhuhuiv. Twitter users have since identified, what appears to be the same unfortunate lady, in a separate scene, where she has suffered different wounds, and was bleeding from another part of her head. Totally plausible.01:59.18 More fake news has since emerged and got debunked. The refutation of sensational fake stories, rarely goes as viral as the original fake story.02:11.08 This creates a bang wagon effect, where the public sentiment about an event, is shaped early on. And is unlikely, to change later.02:46.56 The verified twitter account of the Ukranian Defence Ministry, joined in the fun, of spreading misinformation.03:10.36 The Ghost of Kiev ended up being footage from a flight simulation software.04:09.64 NATO and the United States, have a long history of bombing and invading countries. Interestingly enough, there was an air strike just three days after the war in Ukraine begun. Somalia was bombed by drones. Sometimes internet trolls do a better job than mainstream media journalists.04:58.32 Widely circulated video game footage, fact-checked by Reuters as ‘miscaptioned’, appeared on the ministry’s verified account The verified Twitter page of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry published video game footage on February 25 claiming to show a Ukrainian fighter jet shooting down a Russian plane. On Saturday, Reuters fact-checked the widely shared fake video as ‘miscaptioned’. […]05:24.20 Widely circulated video game footage, fact-checked by Reuters as ‘miscaptioned’, appeared on the ministry’s verified account The verified Twitter page of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry published video game footage on February 25 claiming to show a Ukrainian fighter jet shooting down a Russian plane. On Saturday, Reuters fact-checked the widely shared fake video as ‘miscaptioned’. […]05:50.08 Widely circulated video game footage, fact-checked by Reuters as ‘miscaptioned’, appeared on the ministry’s verified account The verified Twitter page of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry published video game footage on February 25 claiming to show a Ukrainian fighter jet shooting down a Russian plane. On Saturday, Reuters fact-checked the widely shared fake video as ‘miscaptioned’. […]06:15.96 Widely circulated video game footage, fact-checked by Reuters as ‘miscaptioned’, appeared on the ministry’s verified account The verified Twitter page of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry published video game footage on February 25 claiming to show a Ukrainian fighter jet shooting down a Russian plane. On Saturday, Reuters fact-checked the widely shared fake video as ‘miscaptioned’. […]06:41.84 Widely circulated video game footage, fact-checked by Reuters as ‘miscaptioned’, appeared on the ministry’s verified account The verified Twitter page of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry published video game footage on February 25 claiming to show a Ukrainian fighter jet shooting down a Russian plane. On Saturday, Reuters fact-checked the widely shared fake video as ‘miscaptioned’. […]07:07.72 Widely circulated video game footage, fact-checked by Reuters as ‘miscaptioned’, appeared on the ministry’s verified account The verified Twitter page of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry published video game footage on February 25 claiming to show a Ukrainian fighter jet shooting down a Russian plane. On Saturday, Reuters fact-checked the widely shared fake video as ‘miscaptioned’. […]